more people spoke to me at the bump my
family recollection things why is that I
like the one with mother with the milk
bucket don't you she wouldn't have liked
it of course she never said anything
about anything we did it so this was
1923 this one of mother father and the
cow bossy well he was obviously humanist
there's no question about that
and his whole action of his life was
much motivated by the Theosophical
beliefs you know he really he never
drove it into anybody or tried to tell
other people what they ought to think or
anything like that but you know he just
thought Christian religion hadn't done
anything for the world and he always
made taffy on Sundays so we pulled it so
we had to stay around so we'd stay home
and not go to the church I never went to
Sunday school very much
well his influence on me was contrary to
my interests but he never opposed me
that is he always said why do you go to
school so long and just turn out to be a
dirty photographer but at the same time
he made a very good darkroom for me in
the woodshed first and that day one
didn't have any light but this was done
in 1936 so when a father in the wood paw
when he was 19 I think it's not a
showing up the bad things of old age if
they're bad but my father's photograph
at 90
he was as good-looking as he'd ever been
and I think that's way to quit and
that's what I took on Stieglitz but he
wasn't into 91 his gallery on New York
City this is my preferred one of him I
did seven they were all fairly like him
but this is but one I liked the best
because of that little cynical look in
the eye you see I went to New York
without a camera and I had my holders
though my a pretend orders with me so
that I could load them and go to his
place and ask him about he'd use his
camera because I knew he had one and he
said certainly and it has an old dirt
stager on it with a shutter so corroded
you could read the openings and it was
released by a bulb which I was not
accustomed to and I had no meter in 1934
no meter just holding the bulb and as
long as I thought he'd last and everyone
came out like I sell led all the time of
course somebody always wants